[MUSIC]
>> Brian Holt: So, if you wanna see
how I get super lazy with this.
Let's use arrow functions
because they're super fun.
So, we can refactor to be that, right,
that's the same thing.ri That's ES6
arrow function, that again,
that, and that,
are totally equivalent, for
our intents and purposes right here,
are totally equivalent.
But we can even take this one step
further to make it even more perverse.
[LAUGH] And we can change this to be.
>> Brian Holt: So,
with an arrow function,
if you have no curly braces,
it's an implicit return,
which comes from CoffeeScript.
So, I'm gonna take this away, and
replace that with a parenthesis,
which basically means,
an expression is about to follow, right?
Then we delete this return statement,
>> Brian Holt: And
then I'll delete that, and
I'll delete this curly brace as well, and
change that with a parentheses.
>> Brian Holt: So,
like I said, if there's no curly braces,
it's implicitly being returned, right?
So now, this actually will work as is.
>> Brian Holt: Some people like that,
some people don't.
Some people feel like that's too clever,
and that's too clever for
you, then don't do it, because if you
feel like you're doing clever code,
you're probably doing something wrong.
I'm okay with this,
cuz I feel like it's readable to me.
But that's up to you, and I'll probably
keep doing that, just because it works for
me, but the thing where people
do get caught up in this,
is you can't say that const x = 5 here,
right?
Because this is no longer
like a function body,
this is an expression, and
that doesn't work anymore.
So, at that point, you would have to come
back and say, the other syntax, right?
As soon as you wanna be able
to do that kind of stuff.
>> Speaker 2: Do you do the implicit
function at your job?
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, all the time.
But I mean,
I have the luxury of working with, like,
people that are way smarter than me.
So they were like,
why weren't you doing it two weeks ago?
I'm like, I'm sorry, I'm stupid.
[LAUGH]
>> Brian Holt: So,
up to you.
Up to you if you feel okay with that.
Does anybody have any questions
about what is actually going on
there?
>> Speaker 3: So,
you would put the prompts in
the first parenthesis cause
it's [INAUDIBLE],
>> Brian Holt: Yep,
nailed it
>> Speaker 2: So, can you do like,
conditionals with in that
return statement to that?
>> Brian Holt: You have to use
[INAUDIBLE].
>> Speaker 2: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: Once you start doing
conditionals, go back to the other syntax
like this falls apart very quickly, but
this particular case where it's like, this
is purely display were purely just putting
some like, it's more declarative they're
declaring, that this is the way it looks.
This is really great, very fast.
>> Brian Holt: Let me just make sure that,
we talked about like no
sibling components, right?
Like, I can't do each one here,
because you have to remember back to like,
what this is actually being transpired to,
right, you can have like var x equals five
space, three rows, it really doesn't even
make sense, it's the same thing here.
So you have to have one root component
just because these are literally just
function calls.
>> Brian Holt: So
hence, you'll see a lot of people just
wrapping stuff in div, right in this
particular case we don't really care for
the div like we don't need it.
But we want to have three
different my titles, so
we have to have some root type component.
And there's just no way to get around it,
and you'll see a lot of people just
wrap stuff in divs for
that reason, it's totally fine.
Feel free to do that.
That's a very common thing
to see in the community.
So.
>> Speaker 2: You ever see people,
using like if something else,
some other form of, would make sense.
Do you see what kind of branching out or,
or do you see more of this uniformly like
divs, divs, divs, like divs argue wrapper?
>> Brian Holt: I mean like,
if you do like a navigation,
then go ahead use like a nav, right?
Or if you're inside of something and
you don't want another like block level,
then you could use like a span or
something like that.
Yeah, I mean,
I would definitely see those but, usually,
like when you're just reaching for
something meaningless, or
a like it's,
what I did is really could do is, and
it doesn't have any semantic meaning
to it then, that's what you reach for.
Does that answer your question?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
>> Brian Holt: Cool.
So, again it depends what you're doing.
If if something can have semantic meaning,
then by all means use something that has
semantic meaning, but if it has no
semantic meaning, then don't try and
force semantic meaning when none is meant,
because that's actually caused more
problems than it solves, so
>> Speaker 2: So
would you say that this syntax
is more like semantically.
Expressive, than using an alternative?.
>> Brian Holt: When you said
this syntax, you mean JSX in general?
>> Speaker 2: Like the implicit
error function.
>> Brian Holt: Do I think
it's more syntax?
No, I mean to be honest,
it's more clever, and
to be honest and
hides it more that it shows, right?
However, I feel that once you understand
that, this is the way it works,
it's sufficient.
>> Brian Holt: Turns out,
like, if I'm just doing this for my own
edification, or if I'm working at Netflix,
where I know everyone that I
work with understands this.
This is fine, but
if I'm working with someone that I know,
doesn't necessarily possess that meaning.
It's definitely worth it, to just stop
being lazy and write it out fully.
Depends on who you're working with and
if you feel comfortable with it.
But as soon as you get that feeling like,
I'm being too clever,
like you're doing something wrong.
>> Brian Holt: But, I did want
to show you this, cuz you will see this
all over in code examples, by the way.
And we're actually gonna start
building a real app right now.
Everything so far has been pretty
much just a little toy example.
But, now we're actually going to be
start progressively getting larger and
larger in our components.
And in terms like we're gonna build a real
app, which I think is a useful experience
to see how like what actually
makes an app in React.
Something to know here, is I actually
have done all the CSS for you, so if you
follow my CSS class names, you're gonna
get all the style for free out of the box.
Don't you wish that worked
at your job that way?
[LAUGH] But if you were to look at it,
I have a style.CSS,
just a bunch of stuff in here.
I am told, that it doesn't look great in
Firefox, it only looks good in Chrome.
So, take that for
what it's worth, but because that this
is not production code, I didn't care.
[LAUGH] It uses Fluxbox everywhere,
because I was super lazy and
didn't wanna do anything else.
But, if you can figure how
to get to work in Firefox,
than please make a poll request and
I will definitely accept that.
But yeah, so
just follow my naming conventions, and
you'll get all the style for free.
>> Brian Holt: Let's
see what else we wanna talk about here.
Just so
you know there is something called radium.
And there's other things out there,
like radium, that basically allow you
to do all of your CSS, in addition
to all your markup in your JSX,
and you no longer have any CSS either.
You have, you bring in basically
everything to one component.
There's I'll say one, it's actually
really fun because allows you do like,
JavaScript magic with your CSS.
Which ends up being pretty cool.
At the same time,
it's kind of annoying because all
of your style in line in the end.
So it's up to you, to whether or
not you decide to like that or
not, I chose not to do it,
just because I don't want to focus on CSS,
I want to focus on to the, on the react.
But, just know that radians
out there some people like it,
and it's worth checking out.
It definitely a blast,
when I was playing around with it.
I'm going to start building our app now,
you can delete my title dot JSX.
You can also just leave it, up to you,
but we are, we're not going to use my
title, we are all gonna use client app.